c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\ManageEmployees.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\ManageEmployees.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\ManageEmployees.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\obj\Debug\ManageEmployees.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\obj\Debug\ManageEmployees.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\obj\Debug\ManageEmployees.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManageEmployees\ManageEmployees\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
